Individual firm major supplier workflow 

1. Determine if company is publicly traded, and find official name
    1. “Google _ parent company”
        1. Determine only for major shareholders’
            1. Major defined as >25%
            2. Cross-check against open source
    2. “Is _ publicly traded”
    3. “_ ticker symbol”
2. If so:
    1. Check SEC EDGAR reports for 10-K (annual) and 10-Q forms (quarterly)
        1. Command “f” suppliers
        2. Command “f” manufacturing/manufacture
        3. Command “f” factories/factory
    2. Run import yeti
        1. Sort by “all time”, look for top suppliers by TEU
        2. Check the names of suppliers, their listed countries may be bullshit
    3. Run IQS directory
    4. Run ThomasNet
3. If not:
    1. Google “where is _ headquartered?”
        1. Run first for parent company, then target company
            1. Repeat for various layers
    2. Google “where does _ manufacture” 
        1. Run first for parent company, then target company
    3. Google “_ investors’
        1. Run first for parent company, then target company
    4. Google “_ owners” 
        1. Run first for parent company, then target company
        2. Dig into any listed CEOs, owners, etc of note
    5. Run import yeti 
        1. Sort by “all time”, look for top suppliers by TEU
        2. Check the names of suppliers, their listed countries may be bullshit
    6. Run IQS directory
    7. Run Thomasnet


Example:
Timberland Boots
	Timberland Boots parent company
		Parent company is VF Corp
	VF Corp publicly traded?
		Yes, ticker is VFC on the NYSE
	Run SEC Edgar 10-K and 10-Q for VFC
		Return with 10-K stating that a majority of its suppliers are in Asia
		VF uses third-party manufacturers for the majority of its products
	Run ImportYeti for Timberland Boots
		Top 5 suppliers are in Bangladesh, Vietnam, Bosnia (but a company named Bangladesh), the Dominican Republic, and Vietnam
			They supply footwear and apparel, not raw materials
	Check owners of VFC
		Mostly institutional investors (PNC, Vanguard, Blackrock, etc)
	
Conclusion: Timberland Boots is an American company with major suppliers in Vietnam, Bangladesh, and the Dominican Republic. 
